Clarify Y044 in README, link readthedocs (#267)
PyCQA/flake8-pyi: README.md

especially interesting for linting
[typeshed](https://github.com/python/typeshed/).

> Refer [here](https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/source/stubs.html) for more

Reviewer: I believe adding links to words like "here" is bad for accessibility

```suggestion
Refer to [this documentation](https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/source/stubs.html) for more
```

| Y041 | Y041 detects redundant numeric unions. For example, PEP 484 specifies that type checkers should treat `int` as an implicit subtype of `float`, so `int` is redundant in the union `int \| float`. In the same way, `int` is redundant in the union `int \| complex`, and `float` is redundant in the union `float \| complex`.
| Y042 | Type alias names should use CamelCase rather than snake_case
| Y043 | Do not use names ending in "T" for private type aliases. (The "T" suffix implies that an object is a `TypeVar`.)

> | Y044 | `from __future__ import annotations` has no effect in stub files, since type checkers automatically treat stubs as having those semantics.

Reviewer: This isn't strictly speaking true, since you can do crazy stuff in stubs that you can't do at runtime with `from __future__ import annotations` (e.g. subclassing a forward reference, etc.), but I haven't got a better suggestion :)
